Purpose: To learn about the PHP file, and get use to it by creating the webste.

Implementation:

index.php :
This template is the main homepage of Art by You website. 
UPDATED:
    Changed the sign up button, to haeds to createAccount.php

about.php :
This template is the about page of Art by You website.

post.php :
This template contains the post form, which allows to upload the file of artwork on the website(and other information about artwork).
UPDATED:
    Using session variable of artist ID to display artist name on the page once the user is logged in.
    When the user is not logged in, it heads to signin.php
    
aboutArtist.php:
this template contains the information of each artist from artists.php. 

artists.php : 
this template contains the information about the artists. 

collections.php : 
this template contains the collections of themes. 

theme.php :
this template contains the collections of artwork that matches the specific themes.

serverlogin.php:
This template contains the database hostname, username, password, and database name for loging to server.

---NEW---
navigation.php:
This php contains the navigation bar 
UPDATED:
    Put navigation bar in a separate php file to avoid multiple same steps to modify the navigation bar. 
    And added the sigin and signout dropdown menu. 

signout.php:
Contains the signout php codes, which it unsets all variables, destroy the session, and redirect to sign in page.

signin.php:
Contains the sign in template to allow the users sign in the website.
    Using the database to find their username and password when they log in.
    Using session variable to set the website status to logged in. 
    Using the header to set destination of the webpage.

createAccount.php:
Contains the sign up template to allow the users to create the account.
    Using the sql query to save their information of their account.
    Using session variable to set the website status to logged in.
    

Reference:
1. Modern Business - Template Preview - Start Bootstrap[Source code]. https://startbootstrap.com/previews/modern-business. [Date Accessed: Jan 25, 2023]
2. pictures. CSCI 2170 - Intro to Server Side Scripting, Brightspace. https://dal.brightspace.com/d2l/le/content/248876/viewContent/3518943/View [Date Accessed: Feb.19, 2023]